DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now, Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
THEME: (SINGING) What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Backed against the wall, you gotta give it your all.
Ah, ah. Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
This is the final stand.
Ah, ah. Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
SERENA: Fabia, this is very important.
Are you absolutely sure that is what Nurzak said?
I am.
Master Nurzak.
Trust me, Ren, we do not want to anger
the sacred orb any further.
Right after he said it, they both stopped babbling
and walked away.
How interesting that the emperor's closest advisor
fears what his master covets.
Yes, I suppose.
This information is quite helpful.
What?
How do you figure that?
Well, if you know what your enemy fears, then
you can use it as a weapon against them.
That's a good point, Shun, but we
have to figure out the best way to use it so we
don't waste our advantage.
Perhaps we should shift our focus from Barodius
to all of those around him.
Divide and conquer, I like that plan, dude.
Huh?
Divide how?
If we figure out who's afraid of the sacred orb,
well, then maybe we can turn them against Barodius.
What do you think?
I think that sounds like a solid strategy, my friend.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"Partners 'Til the End.\"
Enter.
Yes, sire.
Relax, Ren.
Are you nervous?
No, sire.
Good, you shouldn't be.
Only my most trusted subjects have the privilege of entering
my private sanctuary.
I am truly honored, sire.
Don't lower your eyes, Ren.
It's a sign of weakness, and I have
zero tolerance for weakness.
Despite your team's many losses, I still
see a lot of promise in you.
Thank you, sire.
Tell me what happened with Nurzak.
What are you so angry about Ren?
This just shows that the emperor trusts you.
He just wants me to spy on the others for him.
The whole reason I took this assignment
was to be free from the underworld
where we were forced to live.
If I refuse the emperor's orders,
we'll be banished back there with no hope
of ever leaving again.
But Nurzak is right to fear the orb.
It's a death trap to follow Barodius.
It's a no-win situation.
Hey, Ren, I gotta talk to you.
I heard Barodius summoned you for a private meeting.
Was it about me?
Zenet?
Does he want me bumped off too?
He must.
I'm the only one left besides you.
What kind of deal did you make, huh?
Can you put in a word for me too?
Come on, Ren.
I've always been a loyal soldier.
Help a sister out.
I'm seriously scared.
Oh please, Ren.
I just don't know what to do.
You're overreacting.
That's all I can say right now, OK?
Wait, please don't go!
[sobbing]
Maybe Ren was telling the truth.
Doesn't matter.
Don't you know by now?
Shifting blame is the number one game around here.
Right.
And we are next in line to get it.
What do we do?
If only I could convince them that my morphing abilities were
a crucial asset to the team.
Maybe they would keep us around.
But maybe there's no point.
You don't think it's worth fighting?
I feel so trapped.
We need to wow the emperor to save our skins.
But as long as we have these targets on our backs,
it's gonna be hard to do.
But not impossible.
Well, pretty close to impossible.
We've just received orders that we'll
be accompanying masters Gill and Ren to Neathia.
Right behind you.
Well, maybe our chance was much closer than we thought.
Are you ready to depart, Ren?
Yes, Master Gill.
This time we're going to permanently
destroy the second shield so the Neathians can
never resurrect it.
Your goal will be to distract the Brawlers while I take
out the generator building.
Sounds wicked!
Uh, I mean, that's a great plan, sir.
GILL: You seem a little bit off today, Ren.
You better not let me down.
REN: No way, dude.
I mean, sir.
I won't disappoint you.
What's going on?
Did you hear me, Ren?
Are you paying attention?
You betcha.
I mean, yes, sir.
Huh?
Krakix?
What is the meaning of this, Zenet?
Forgive me, Master Gill, it's just
that I wanted another shot at those cheese-head Brawlers,
you know?
Because I'm jonesing to give them a real thrashing.
Sorry I had to be a bit sneaky.
But, like, it's hard to do a good job for the emperor
when Ren keeps getting all the sweet assignments.
It is annoying that he is such a teacher's pet.
OK, Zenet, I will give you a chance.
But you better not mess it up.
Aw, thank you.
Just keep it together, Zenet.
You can do this, no problem, just relax.
You hear that?
Yeah, what is it?
[yelling]
Ability activate, Gaia Exclamation.
Did you see that?
Incredible.
It rattled my teeth.
We need a scan of the shield so we can destroy it
on a molecular level.
Understood.
Who is that guy down there?
We better go in for a closer look.
Hold on.
Battle gear boost!
They're tampering with the shield.
Well then, time to earn your stripes.
OK, let's go, Contestir.
I'm ready.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Haos Contestir!
Battle gear ability activate, Swayther Gekkou.
Oh, man!
What is this stuff?
Focus on our objective.
Let the girl worry about the counterattack.
Time to add some pressure, Hawktor.
[laser fire]
That's it.
Keep your head down and carry on, Zenet.
Keep them off us.
Yes, sir.
All right, let's do this!
Ability activate, Hyper Sky Bolt!
Ability activate, Ninja Defense, Spiral Twister!
Come on, man.
Sorry, caught me by surprise there.
I won't let it happen again.
Oh, you better not.
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Let's do it again, Hawktor, just like last time.
Time to inflict some heavy damage.
Come on, lightweight.
Bring it on!
Take him down, Contestir.
[exertion sounds]
Ability activate, Bolting Blow!
Cheer up, buttercup.
Here comes the good part.
Battle gear boost.
Oh, yeah!
Battle gear boost!
You're not gonna shake a tail feather and run from me.
Don't worry.
I've got him in my sights.
I'm getting really bored of this, man.
Let's roast this flying chicken!
You want him original recipe or extra crispy?
ZENET (VOICEOVER): Let's show them Ren's
not the only one who can fight.
SHUN (VOICEOVER): We have to keep the shield intact,
Hawktor.
Gate card open, Anger Sign!
Whoa!
I'm losing altitude.
What was that?
Zenet, quit fooling around and finish them.
I'm trying, you pompous nimrod.
Give me a second.
Ah, battle gear ability activate, Spartablaster Rigel!
Let's get out of here, Hawktor.
You read my mind.
Over there, by the shield, that's who we need to hit.
You got it.
Battle gear ability activate, Swayther Gekkou.
Aw, man, not again.
I can't see anything in here.
Calm down.
I'll get us out of here.
Hurry up, then.
Ah, they're right below us!
Go get 'em!
I really hate it when you get bossy.
[laser fire]
Cease fire, it's me, you fool.
The data has been corrupted and the encoding transfer
has failed.
You imbecile, what are you doing?
Ah!
He tricked me.
I'm sorry.
Heads up, he's coming around again.
Eat this!
Ah!
That hurt.
[groans]
Ability activate, Sky Fang, Thunder Starion.
Zenet!
[groans]
Once more.
Gate card set!
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Ability activate, Deadly Inferno.
Ability activate, Argon Stream.
Ability activate, Bolting Fang, Slug Shot!
Ability activate, Samurai Shield.
Seriously?
Not even a scratch?
Uh-oh.
I better get back in there before I lose my spot.
It is time you feel the full might of Krakix.
Battle gear boost!
Master Gill, I can do this, promise.
Ready when you are, Zenet.
Ability activate, Advance Rapier!
OK, gate card open, Change Link Force!
Are you kidding me?
[explosion]
I can't believe he boomeranged my attack like that.
You are useless.
Battle gear, ability activate, Vicer Orochi!
Whoa, easy.
[crashing]
Ah!
[groaning]
Hawktor, no!
Ah!
Blaze Barnum!
[explosion]
Dan Kuso!
Thanks, Drago.
No problem.
I hope you're OK.
You're a little late.
Sorry, dude, traffic was a killer.
Ready Cross Buster.
Battle gear boost!
SHUN: Battle gear boost!
Battle gear ability activate, Swayther Gekkou.
Here I come.
[exertion sounds]
[laser fire]
Battle gear ability activate, Cross Buster Neo!
[explosion]
Zenet, I'm sorry.
[laser fire]
Don't feel bad.
You never had a chance.
[laughs]
- I don't believe it. - Oh!
We lost.
You failed me, Zenet.
Let's go.
That's it, it's over.
I'm done for.
Oh, man.
Zenet.
Yeah?
Maybe there's a way we can talk ourselves out of this.
Huh?
I'm sure we can reason with Gill.
I doubt it.
There has to be something we can offer him.
All I had to offer were my babbling skills
and they weren't good enough.
He won't help me.
But you fought so bravely for him today.
You're forgetting we're Gundalian.
We're not down with this whole loyalty thing.
I suppose not.
Yeah, that's what makes us different from the humans,
things like partnership and loyalty
mean something to the humans, Contestir.
The only time we work together is when we want to mess someone
up.
Sir, we were only able to transfer 76% of the data
successfully.
That's it?
This is all your fault.
I'm so sorry, sir.
I'll do anything, if you just give me another chance
to make it right.
You are all out of chances, foolish girl.
Master Gill, I have a suggestion.
Nobody asked you.
Please, sir, if you just listen,
I promise you'll be interested.
It's no secret that others in the Twelve Orders
are jealous now that you're second in command
to the emperor.
You could use someone loyal only to you
to watch your back and report on the activities
of these members.
And who would this someone be?
Why, Zenet, of course.
Right.
I, uh-- I would be honored to serve under you.
And I'll serve alongside her.
Very well, you two.
This sounds like an interesting arrangement,
so I'm willing to try it out, for now anyway.
Oh, thank you, Master Gill.
Now, I want you to disguise yourself as Nurzak
and spy on Kazarina.
Hey, what are you looking at?
Am I wearing something of yours or something?
Huh?
Relax, no one suspects a thing.
Excuse me, Mistress Kazarina, Master Nurzak to see you.
Really?
KAZARINA (VOICEOVER): He's being very foolish to come
here in full view of others.
Please forgive the intrusion, Kazarina,
but we need to speak immediately.
You've got 60 seconds.
I'm just wondering if--
if you've thought about it?
About what?
You know, that thing we talked about.
ZENET (VOICEOVER): Just stay cool
and keep it together Zenet.
The grumpy old bag will never know.
And why do you ask?
I said my mind was made up.
Right, I was just, you know, checking.
Come on, keep the conversation going.
ZENET (VOICEOVER): You think this is easy?
Why don't you try it then?
Just back off dude.
So what's the matter, old man?
Are you having second thoughts now
and maybe losing your nerve?
What?
Of course not.
Well, that's good to hear.
So our plan to overthrow Barodius is on schedule?
Mm-hmm.
ZENET (VOICEOVER): Overthrow Barodius?
Well, I'll catch you later, Kazarina.
Take it easy.
ZENET: Holy cow!
We got a secret.
And boy oh boy is Master Gill gonna
be happy when he hears it.
Nice work, Zenet.
I think I'm a natural at this spy business.
Seriously?
Those two are planning on overthrowing the emperor?
I know, right?
Can you believe it?
Those two are so sneaky.
Krakix, what are you doing here?
Krakix?
You have done very well, Zenet.
Thank you.
I'm totally ready for my next assignment, sir.
Master Gill?
Answer me!
[exertion sounds]
Ah!
You tricked us!
ZENET: I-- I don't understand.
You said I did well.
Why are you punishing me?
Zenet.
Contestir.
They betrayed us.
I told you that-- that Gundalians don't do loyalty,
remember?
That's not always true, Zenet.
You and I were loyal to each other.
We were real partners.
Wow, man, you're totally right, we really were partners.
Contestir?
Yes, Zenet, what is it?
I'm sorry that it took so long to realize that.
It's OK.
Better late than never.
Good night and sweet dreams, partner.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Now that we know
certain members of the Twelve Orders
are scared of the sacred orb, we need to use that knowledge
to our advantage.
If we can cause a division in those
who are loyal to Barodius, we can seriously
weaken the Gundalian forces.
If we can get Nurzak to bail, the rest should be easy.
But he'll be a hard nut to crack.
We definitely got our work cut out for us.
But we can't let Queen Serena and the rest of Neathia down.
You should tune in to watch us divide and conquer.
You won't believe who shows up.
I've gotta tell you, Nurzak is one serious battler.
Don't miss it!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]